OSDOCS-10589: Documented the 4.15.14 -zstream RNs (#76234)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-15-release-notes.adoc

For any {product-title} release, always review the instructions on xref:../updating/updating_a_cluster/updating-cluster-web-console.adoc#updating-cluster-web-console[updating your cluster] properly.
====

[id="ocp-4-15-14"]
=== RHSA-2024:2865 - {product-title} 4.15.14 bug fix and security update

Issued: 2024-05-21

{product-title} release 4.15.14, which includes security updates, is now available. The list of bug fixes that are included in the update is documented in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:2865[RHSA-2024:2865] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in the update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2024:2870[RHBA-2024:2870] advisory.

Space precluded documenting all of the container images for this release in the advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.15.14 --pullspecs
----

[id="ocp-4-15-14-bug-fixes"]
==== Bug fixes

> * Previously, the endpoint selection for services partially implemented KEP-1669 `ProxyTerminatingEndpoints` traffic to services inside the {product-title} cluster, so that this traffic was forwarded to all endpoints that were either ready, such as `ready=true`, `serving=true`, `terminating=false`,  or terminating and serving, such as `ready=false`, `serving=true`, `terminating=true`. This caused communication issues when traffic was forwarded to terminating endpoints and the readiness probes on these endpoints were not configured to quickly flag the endpoints as not serving, `serving=false`, when they were no longer functional. With this release, the endpoints selection logic now fully implements KEP-1669 `ProxyTerminatingEndpoints` for any given service so that all ready endpoints are selected. If no ready endpoints are found, functional terminating and serving endpoints are used.(link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-27852[*OCPBUGS-27852*])

Author: Thanks, Michael. We have about 2-3 days to turn these notes around and the bug descriptions are very cryptic at times. Quiet often, the information I extract from a bug ends up totally different after I get an SME invovled. Hoping to revise the process post GA.

> * Previously, an {product-title} cluster with a high number of internal services or user-managed load balancer IP addresses resulted in a delayed startup time for the OVN-Kubernetes service when the service attempted to install `iptables` rules on a node. With this release, the OVN-Kubernetes service can process a large number of services in a few seconds. Additionally, you can access a new log to view the status of installing `iptables` rules on a node. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-32426[*OCPBUGS-32426*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, if you configured an {product-title} cluster with a high number of internal services or user-managed load balancer IP addresses, you experienced a delayed startup time for the OVN-Kubernetes service. This delay occurred when the OVN-Kubernetes service attempted to install `iptables` rules on a node. With this release, the OVN-Kubernetes service can process a large number of services in a few seconds. Additionally, you can access a new log to view the status of installing `iptables` rules on a node. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-32426[*OCPBUGS-32426*])
```

* Previously, the *Topology* view in the {product-title} web console did not show the visual connector between a virtual machine (VM) node and other non-VM components. With this release, the visual connector is available so that you can view it to determine the interaction activity of a component. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-32505[*OCPBUGS-32505*])

* Previously, a logo in the masthead element of the {product-title} web console could grow beyond 60 pixels in height and this subsequently caused the masthead to increase in height. With this release, the masthead logo is constrained to a `max-height` of 60 pixels. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-33058[*OCPBUGS-33058*])

* Previously, when using the *Form* view in the {product-title} web console to remove an alternate service from a `Route` resource resulted in alternate service remaining in the cluster. With this release, after you delete an alternate service in this way, the alternate service is fully removed from the cluster.(link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-33548[*OCPBUGS-33548*])

> * Previously, {product-title} cluster connections to the {azure-first} API were delayed because of an issue with the API's codebase. With this release, a timeout schedule is set any calls to the {azure-short} API, so that an API call that hangs for a period of time is terminated. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-33127[*OCPBUGS-33127*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, {product-title} cluster connections to the {azure-first} API were delayed because of an issue with the API's codebase. With this release, a timeout schedule is set for any calls to the {azure-short} API, so that an API call that hangs for a period of time is terminated. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-33127[*OCPBUGS-33127*])
```
